# exomoons
Work in Progress

Code from an amateur to model the effects of radiation from large host planets (mini-Neptunes to hot Jupiters) upon potentially habitable exomoons. This attempt will have multiple objectives. Foremost, I want to create a way to computationally model the effects of host planets on potential exomoons. At minimum, one should be able to control the temperature of the host star, the size of the host planet, the orbital period of the host planet and eccentricity, the orbital period of the exomoon about the host planet, orbital inclination, and the size of the exomoon. Beyond just radiation levels to the moon over time, ideally one would also be able to simulate the moon's orbital stability, gravitational effects from its host planet, temperatures, and maybe if I'm feeling especially ambitious atmospheric and tectonic effects.

Secondary objectives include a deeper understanding of astrobiology and astrophysics. Astronomy has always been a passion of mine, but it's often been shunted aside as at maximum a hobby and usually just an unpursued interest and not explored more in depth like my loves of computer science, chemistry, and biology. This is an opportunity for me to learn deeper by doing. I'll likely procure some textbooks on the subject just to brush up. Alternate objectives include contacting laboratories in the appropriate fields and/or finding mentors who can help my project succeed. I'm not bold or foolish enough to think anything of scientific value is going to come of this, but it's nice to do overall.
